>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
I'll just go briefly into this file.
This is using one of many CLI program
tools out there called commander.
Commander's pretty legit, but
basically it is a hackaround process.
So remember I said I almost never
write an app that doesn't use process?
Even though you didn't
use process directly,
the Node module that you
installed did use it.
Because process has got so
much good information on it,
the one that's important
here is this argv.
If you would've logged this out,
it's just an array of all the arguments
that you passed in, right?
So if I were to do something like this,
>> Scott Moss: So argv,
I would just log that, and then rerun this
command, and pass in some more stuff here.
Actually, it might break cuz, there it is.
So yeah, you can see this
array is all the arguments.
The first one is always gonna be
the path to the executable node itself.
That's always gonna be the first
argument in the array.
The second argument is always gonna be
the path to the file that's currently
executing.
And then everything after that are gonna
be whatever you passed in in that order.
So you can see, I passed in new, then I
passed in thing, then I passed in hello,
then I passed in this stuff.
That's what happened here.
So this is how you can capture
arguments from a CLI, and
the commander module just did all that for
you.
It knew what it was doing, and
it allowed you to create commands and
have aliases with descriptions.
And it helps you build a full CLI,
this is just one of many.
This is why I said it's not important
that you don't need to know what this is
because you didn't.
You didn't need to know what this
was in order to do your job.
But that's what this does, and it allows
you to create CLIs with flags and
arguments and then execute some type
of action when those arguments are ran.
And that's what this command does, there's
tons of these out there that do this.
Inquirer is basically, it's
the part of the CLI that had the prompts
that was asking you questions and stuff.
That's what inquirer does.
So if you were to look in this other file,
you might see something called prompts,
and it's an array of prompts.
That's basically what that does.
It allows you to have that
interactive CLI experience.
So if you can think of it,
you can do it in Node.
I mean,
when I was teaching people how to code,
I used to have this script that
hooked into the testing framework.
And if they passed every single test,
a unicorn would pop up with glitter and
stuff.
Just [LAUGH] if you can think of it,
you can make it.
There's literally anything you can do,
so it's pretty cool.
Or I would have like if somebody
got all the tests wrong,
or if they got them all right on
the first time, it'll load up Matrix and
just sprinkle on their
screen the Matrix stuff.
Cuz they were Neo and
they got it right the first time.
So it was just a lot of stuff like that.